01-10-2024 Cypress Actions

-Cypress can do all the user actions available with Mouse and Keyboard

Click - Right Click - Double Click - Drag and Drop - Move to (Hover) (Trigger) - Scroll - Click and Hold
Type - Clear
Use keyboard actions like ENTER, SHIFT, SPACE, CTRL 


1. CLICK 

TEST CASE:
Go to https://techglobal-training.com/frontend/actions
Validate that 'Click on me' button is visible 
Validate that 'Click on me' button is enabled (clickable) 
Validate that 'Click on me' button text 'Click on me'
Click on 'Click on me' button
Validate 'You clicked on a button!' paragraph is visible with it's text to be 'You clicked on a button!'


2. Right-Click
TEST CASE:
Go to https://techglobal-training.com/frontend/actions
Validate that 'Right-Click on me' button is visible 
Validate that 'Right-Click on me' button is enabled (clickable) 
Validate that 'Right-Click on me' button text 'Right-Click on me'
Right-Click on 'Right-Click on me' button
Validate 'You right-clicked on a button!' paragraph is visible with it's text to be 'You right-clicked on a button!'


3. Double-Click
TEST CASE:
Go to https://techglobal-training.com/frontend/actions
Validate that 'Double-Click on me' button is visible 
Validate that 'Double-Click on me' button is enabled (clickable) 
Validate that 'Double-Click on me' button text 'Double-Click on me'
Double-Click on 'Double-Click on me' button
Validate 'You double-clicked on a button!' paragraph is visible with it's text to be 'You double-clicked on a button!'


4. Type 
5. Clear 
TEST CASE:
Go to https://techglobal-training.com/frontend/actions
Validate that 'Enter your message' input is visible 
Validate that 'Enter your message' is enabled (textable) 
Validate that 'Enter your message' input placeholder is 'Enter your message...'
Enter 'Cypress' to 'Enter your message' input
Validate that 'Enter your message' input value is 'Cypress'
Clear the text from the 'Enter your message' input
Validate that 'Enter your message' input value is empty



TEST CASE:
Go to https://techglobal-training.com/frontend/html-elements
Validate that 'Enter text here' input is visible 
Validate that 'Enter text here' is enabled (textable) 
Validate that 'Enter text here' input placeholder is 'Enter text here'
Enter 'Cypress' to 'Enter text here' input
Validate that 'Enter text here' input value is 'Cypress'
Clear the text from the 'Enter text here' input
Validate that 'Enter text here' input value is empty

Validate that 'Enter text below' input is visible 
Validate that 'Enter text below' is enabled (textable) 
Validate that 'Enter text below' input label is 'Enter text below'
Enter 'Cypress' to 'Enter text below' input
Validate that 'Enter text below' input value is 'Cypress'
Clear the text from the 'Enter text below' input
Validate that 'Enter text below' input value is empty



VALIDATION OF INPUT AFTER TYPING
2 WAYS
cy.get('input').type('Hello').should('have.value', 'Hello')
cy.get('input').type('Hello').should('have.attr', 'value', 'Hello')


VALIDATION OF ANY ATTRIBUTE OF ANY ELEMENT 
cy.get('selector').should('have.attr', 'attribute', 'attribute_value')



6. Check 
7. Uncheck
These are used for input boxes that has type 'checkbox' or 'radio'
check() can be used for both radio buttons and checkboxes
uncheck() can only be used for checkboxes 


8. Select 
This command used to select an option from a dropdown created using <select> and <option> tags


HOW TO VALIDATE ELEMENT IS NOT VISIBLE?