
RECAP

	NodeJS:

	NodeJS is a runtime environment. It's helping us to use JavaScript 
	outside of the browser, which gives us an option to create backend 
	applications using JavaScript.



	npm:

	It stands for Node Package Manager, helping us to install dependencies 
	from the npm js. npm consists of 2 main parts:

	- npmjs
	- npm CLI

	npmjs is online registry that contains JavaScrit libraries we may use in our Project

	npm CLI is a command line, which provides us comands to to get dependencies from npmjs



	npx:

	It stands for Node Package Execute, it comes with npm, released with npm version 5.2.0. 
	Helping us to run node packages without needing to download them. 
	Also, if we have the package already that we want to run, it will run the binary 
	file of related package.



	package.json:

	It's a JSON file, that contains metadata about the information. 
	Like its name, version, description, and etc. We can store our scripts 
	inside the package.json using 'scripts' object to easily run complex comments 
	with the npm CLI. Also, our dependencies and their respective versions are 
	centralized in this file.

	COMMANDS:

	npm install is the most used command in npm CLI, which helps us to get 
	specific dependencies. 

	If we run 'npm install' without any package name, it will install all the 
	dependencies described in the package.json


	npm run <script>
	npm install <packageName>



	npm install cypress@latest

	npm install cypres@12.2.2
	npm i cypress

	npm install cypress --save-dev
	npm install cypres -D

	npm -i cypress -g


	npm run <scriptName>




	IFRAMES


	What is iFrames ?

		It's HTML document built in another HTML document. 
		So its nested HTML documents. It's mostly used when we want to add another 
		webpage content in our page without switching tabs, or also its widely used 
		in adding adds into website.


	How Cypress handles iFrames ?

	1. We query the main <iframe> element
	2. Chain it using .its() method from Cypress. This method gets the web element properties
	3. We get the iframe body using its() method, with writing '0.contentDocument.body'

		- 0					=> is the first element we targeted in cy.get(), which expected to be iframe
		- contentDocument	=> This is specific property that only used with iframes, which well give access to iFrame document
		- body 				=> the body of the iframe element.

	4. then you can query any element you want inside the iframe using .find() method.

	cy.get('iframe').its('0.contentDocument.body')
	.find('#element').type('myText')